This is the best Bluetooth earphone I have ever used. Previously I was using apple airpods which stopped working after 2 years now after that I used multiple Bluetooth earphones Mi, JBL but this is the best surprisingly best over all the earphones I have used in past.
Above mentioned was my review when I purchased this Bluetooth earphones but now since a month the earphones are not working properly. They are getting disconnected with in 5mins when connected to any device. After sale service is pathetic. I’m struggling to get these set of earphones replaced since last 15 days. I haven't
1. You will not be able to connect the calls in Bluetooth aftern 10 min,
2. Sounds Like a China Head Phones.
3. Neck band length is bit high,
5. Ear buds creates ear pain with in 15 to 20 min.
Look for better ones, Not recommend...This is not JBL CC
I had to return this product and get a refund for no technical issue but rather callous decisions by JBL over its packaging and its effect on the product ergonomics. I have attached the photos comparing its OEM packaging to another JBL's neckband packaging of exactly the same price available on flipkart.
I had discussed this problem with Amazon & JBL over three days and after JBL's non-support over the issue and failing to provide me with an alternative solution. Amazon helped me get a refund on this product. It is a good thing that I had bought this on Amazon else if I had bought it on JBL's website (where it was cheaper

If the problems as mentioned in the photos are not an issue for you. This headphone does provide a solid audio experience.
Bought these due to good reviews, brand name, and Bluetooth 5.0 - all for just Rs1200.
The earphones stopped working (faulty battery, perhaps) after two days. Requested a replacement, which was promptly delivered - only to have the second pair stop working just as soon for the same reason.
Provided great sound for the brief period they lasted, though buttons do not provide the best tactile feedbackSound quality is good. But very bad battery back up. Will not lasts for one day usage. We have to charge now and then. Better to go for One plus 20hr battery backed up wireless ear phone.
And the collar portion is just wire. Don't expect rigid collar band. Its just flexible wire. While laying on bed mic will go back, so you can't talk while laying on bed.
Worst product ever and the single most pathetic customer service I have ever experienced. After delivering a faulty product (battrey drain in 30 mins) the customer care guys aswell as their collection center just makes one go from pillar to post without any real resolution or replacement. Buy J

Follow up riview after replacement after months of delebrations... still..the most pathetic product ever. The battrey wont last more than 2 hrs. The buds are a pain in the ears. In all.. just avoid
I found a major drawback in this product. I work in data centre & lots of network products, while talking they can't hear my voice at all& even I can't hear.. kind of scattered voice I use to feel. But I have boat wireless earphone it works awesome in data centre & anywhere. Thought it's a good bra
I think don’t buy if you want to use it with your laptop or system. Mic only works if you hold it in front of your lips else it doesn’t work.
I was right Don’t buy. Does not work with Airtel Xstream box, a lot of disturbance in voice. Complain logged with Harman but no response for Harman India, and mic problem may be due to bad Bluetooth poor connectivity. Harman International 
The product is good if you want to use it to listen songs, if you want play games like pubg, etc with this earphones then this is not the product you are looking for as there is sound lag of approx 800ms(i.e. when a player fires bullet at you then the the sound of the bullet fire comes to your ear approximately 800ms later).


Best product in this range ...finally bought this after testing all other similar products like : Realme buds, Sony and OnePlus bullets...bcz quality music is all that I craze for!!
I could feel the difference in the sound quality maintained by this product from Infinity..Besides its neckband is very much comfortable and easy to fold and carry anywhere. I have also used it with laptop and there was no problem in connectivity or quality.
Was a bit skeptical while thinking of buying this since there were not much review online and purchased by seeing just 2 reviews one on amazon and one on youtube and rest by seeing the specs of 12mm driver and EQ mode ,
Also this is my first bluetooth earphones purchased and have used sennheiser wired one before
Now about the earphones
1- The plastic quality is good,
2- Sound Quality which is the main highlight is much better in my opinion then my friends boat wireless and I am highly satisfied to use it switching from my wired sennheiser because the sound quality for me is not much different and if its about base then this device is much stronger in deep base mode.
3- for new users you might feel the volume - button to not feel tacktile compared to Volume+, its because of lower surface area for the Vol- button which is not a problem.
4 - comes with 1 year warranty and would like to see how long lasting this device would be for me ..
5 - This review I have wrote after using for few minutes of delivery and listening to Li Nas X - Old town Road , Denzel Curry- Ultimate and also will update the review if I find something wrong.
Normal mode- well balanced sound with highs, mids and lows....
Bass Mode- for punchy bass, with good amount of highs, mids....
Overall really value for money neckband, earphone from the house of Harman, and subbrand Infinity maintains Harmans name...
Battery life is good....not best...
Only lacking is USB type C, and auto off during magnetic attachment..
This is True review afyer using for a month.. SOUND QUALITY is awesome than i expected, easy to carry, fits in pocket with ease. It gives me full day backup and my usage is moderate,will give 8 hours or more in heavy usage at end of the day more than 30 percent battery is remaining. I didn't felt stressed or pain when i am playing music continuously, i think due to 12mm driver. Each and every beat is crystal clear big shoutout for this. Light weight too.. I am pretty much happy with this purchase on amazon lightening deal. Better than boat 225.No connectivity issues so far and no signal interception or signal loss so far. Battery full charge time is 1 nd half hour. Easy accessible button while riding bike which i found usefull than others. Go for it cheers. True Sound quality

This review is based on my first impression with the product, will update later for more info
First impressions,
1) good battery backup
2) Ample bass in normal bass mode &
heavy bass in deep bass mode.( Deep
bass can only be enjoyable if the song
has noticable bass)
3) As a former JBL user i don't find that
glide 120 has a noticable difference
In bass and overall sound quality
4) Good packing by Amazon 👍
5) better than a neckband and easy to
carry in jeans pocket.
I am a music lover person and i have used realmebuds, boat 225 rockers before. Now i can easily say that Infinity is much better than the above two in sound quality. No doubt, its a harman product and u will feel like same.
Everything is perfect. Only one thing i found not good, is when you go for volume more than 80%, then u will not be able to bear the sound, but i think 70-80% is enough to listen song. and one more thing, Infinity 80% = Boat 100%
Most underrated earphones...guys without much think just buy this wireless earphones...it's truly amazing...JBL & Harman brand's infinity Glide N120 most recommended earphone than any other earphones compare to any other popular brands.

After using 3-4days of use my review:

Pros:
1.quality of earphones is great.product is light weight & looks luxury.
2.Sound quality is much better than rivals in the market...bass is amazing when you use dual equalizer feature of this earphone.
3.magnetic back for earphones provide hazel free use.
4.battery back up was almost 6-7 hrs if we use it with full volume in single charge.
5.within 2 hrs battery completely charge.
6. Most important price. No one can give all this package with brand warranty of Harman sound under Rs.1500.

Cons:

Hard Plastic around eartips hurts a bit when you use it for long duration.

